>> Kyle Simpson: Now that
we have a cache in place,
it's time that we start doing
something useful with it.
And that involves finally
trying to start intercepting
the requests that come from the browser
through our service worker.
Fair warning,
from here on out until we actually
have a fully working fetch handler.
Stuff is gonna be very easy
to break on our webpage.
Up to this, the service worker has just
been sort of sitting there kind of
passively doing its thing.
But the web page has been working,
it's been loading up our files correctly,
it hasn't been using the cache.
At this point, things get more
difficult when you start developing, so
before we even jump into that,
I just wanna give you the tip that says,
be careful about at what point
in your project's history,
you decide to install an aggressively
cashing service worker.
Because if you do that on day one of
your project, you're gonna have 999 more
days on your project that you
are juggling service worker frustrations.
I typically would recommend that
a service worker is kind of later in
the process of getting ready to deploy.
Certainly it's an important part of it and
it may end up impacting the way you need
to do routing on your server or whatever,
so you don't wannna wait to the very end,
but just be aware of that,
because as soon as there's a service
worker in place, you're gonna for example,
gonna have to go in and
make sure to bypass the service worker for
the network while you're working
on regular JavaScript files.
Otherwise you'll change your JavaScript
file, refresh, even a shift refresh, and
it's not gonna end up loading.
And it's gonna drive you nuts until you
remember I have a caching service worker.
I gotta go disable that or
delete every time.
It just creates more overhead.
So be aware of that when you're
planning out your project work with
service workers.
What I did, this may or may not work for
you, but what I did was I wrote,
when I was building that app I was talking
about, I wrote out my service worker,
tested it all out, got it to basically
do what I wanted it to do, but
I had a disable flag at
the top of the service worker.
And I set it to true and pushed that out.
So I knew that my service
worker was great, but
I had this kill flag that
killed everything throughout.
I set it to true and then I went on about
all the rest of my app development and
did shift reloads and all other stuffs.
And then when I was ready to deploy,
just have to remember to
go flip that back fall.
So that was not killing
my service worker file.
So, just think about
those various strategies.
All right, let's start building
out our fetch handler,
actually, before we write it here,
we need to actually use it.
So we'll say self.addEventListener.
And the name of it is called fetch.
>> Kyle Simpson: So I'll have onFetch.
It's going to receive the request.
And remember this request
is inbound coming
from the page through our service worker.
And what we want to do is essentially
write a router to handle that.
But we need this thing to wait until
we have finished all of our work,
so I said that it's gonna have the
request, it's gonna be the event object.
We're gonna need for our event to
tell the fetch handler to wait.
So remember the event.waituntil and
then we're gonna call,
we're gonna define another function,
which will be an asynchronous function,
a router that we pass
the request along to.
>> Kyle Simpson: And the way we get
the request is, it is an object on,
or it's a property on the event object.
>> Kyle Simpson: Same thing is happening
here that I did with activation,
I did an on activate and
then an event wait until and
divert it to another
asynchronous function.
Same principles going on here.
Okay, let's set up some
variables to use in our router.
We're going to get the URL.
We're gonna use a function that's built
under the web platform called URL.
It handles basically passing
of URL strings for us, so
we don't wanna do our own
passing of URL strings.
>> Kyle Simpson: So by doing dot pathname,
what I'm basically saying is,
I just want that slash part of the URL,
which matches the way you end up doing it,
for example, in nodes.
So if you worked in node and
you getting a request.URL,
that's basically the same thing that I'm
getting here from that URL parameter.
And then I need to get my cache open, so
I'm not gonna make the same
mistake this time.
I'm gonna say caches.open
instead of caches.nash, and
then I'm gonna use cache name.
So at this point we need
to decide some things and
we're gonna evolve this for a while.
We're gonna be coding at this for
quite a while.
We need to decide how we're gonna
handle these inbound requests.
And one thing that we might wanna ask is,
are we going to handle any requests for
outside sources.
In other words, if our blog was
loading an image from some other CDN,
what are we gonna do with that?
You might recall at
the outset of the workshop,
I talked about doing opaque requests for
outside resources, and
so there's different strategies,
there's trade-offs there as to whether or
not you want to cash the thing, because if
you're relying upon some other resource
critically, like you're loading
a framework from some CDN for example.
If you're loading that from a CDN and.
And that's critical for your page to load.
And you do an opaque request so you don't
need to worry about the course problem.
While now all of a sudden is a critical
resource of your site that you're not
offlining.
So you might want to ignore
those sorts of requests,
it may end up forcing you to think,
maybe we should self-host those,
instead of sticking those
on other locations.
So because there's a lot
of tricky decisions there,
we're just gonna simply
skip over that issue.
In our workshop example here, our exercise
doesn't link to any other resources.
But just be aware,
that's a whole topic in and of itself.
You need to figure out,
if I'm dealing with external resources,
what's my caching strategy for that?
Do I have any strategy whatsoever for
the offline ability of that.
That may end up including that you try
to load it from some other location, but
if the page fails to do so, then it has to
tell the service worker, I need a backup
and now you have some other locally hosted
backup of the framework or whatever.
So there's a variety of different
ways that you may go about that.